.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# Description

<!---
Please be sure that your repository's base branch is `main`, after the pull request is merged, several backports pull 
requests will be created, please solve the conflicts and merge the backports.
--->

Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. 
List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

# Backporting

This change should be backported to the previous releases, please add the relevant labels.
Refer [here](https://github.com/haiiliin/abqpy/discussions/1500) to resolve backport conflicts if any.

- [x] 2016
- [x] 2017
- [x] 2018
- [x] 2019
- [x] 2020
- [x] 2021
- [x] 2022

# Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

# Check to add labels

Please check the following labels to add to the pull request.

- [ ] automation
- [ ] docs
- [ ] bug
- [ ] enhancement
- [ ] new feature
- [ ] test
- [ ] typing
- [ ] typo
- [ ] workflow
- [ ] release

Commit message:

[automation]: Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#3071)
* Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

* Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

* Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

* Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# Description

<!---
Please be sure that your repository's base branch is `main`, after the pull request is merged, several backports pull 
requests will be created, please solve the conflicts and merge the backports.
--->

Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. 
List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

# Backporting

This change should be backported to the previous releases, please add the relevant labels.
Refer [here](https://github.com/haiiliin/abqpy/discussions/1500) to resolve backport conflicts if any.

- [x] 2016
- [x] 2017
- [x] 2018
- [x] 2019
- [x] 2020
- [x] 2021
- [x] 2022

# Type of change

Please check the options that are relevant, the corresponding labels will be added automatically.

- [ ] Bug Fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
  - [ ] bug (fixes an issue)
  - [ ] test (adds/updates test)
  - [ ] typo (fixes typo)
- [ ] New Feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
  - [ ] typing (adds/updates typing annotations)
- [ ] Documentation Update
  - [ ] docs (adds/updates documentation)
  - [ ] docs-preview (check this to preview docs)
- [ ] Automation/Translation/Automation
  - [ ] workflow (adds/updates workflow)
  - [ ] release (adds/updates release)
  - [ ] translation (adds/updates translation)
